[DOCS-7847] Update masking info for APS (#1608)
Alfresco/docs-alfresco: process-services/2.1/using/process/form.md

|Control|Description|
|-------|-----------|

> |Text|Allows you to enter text. <br><br>Alfresco Process Services uses jQuery Mask Plugin for masking. <br><br>Only the following characters has meaning with the used jQuery plugin. <br><br>0 - Numbers only. <br>9 - Numbers only. <br>S - Alphabets only (Small-Capital). <br>A - Alphabets (Small-Capital) and Numbers. <br># - Unlimited numbers if it's the last or only character. <br><br>All other alphanumeric or special characters serve as separators. <br><br>**Note:** The Input mask feature in the Text field is intended to format user input, not to hide it.|

Reviewer: Looks great - some suggested changes for all versions:
```suggestion
|Text|Allows you to enter text. <br><br>The input mask feature in the **Text** field is intended to format user input, not to hide it. Process Services uses the jQuery Mask Plugin for masking. Only the following characters are recognized by the plugin. <br><br>0 - Numbers only (0-9). <br>9 - Numbers only (0-9). <br>S - Letters only (A-Za-z). <br>A - Letters (A-Za-z) and Numbers (0-9). <br># - Unlimited numbers if it's the last or only character. <br><br>All other alphanumeric or special characters serve as separators.|
```
